Hello friends, I Manoj Jaiswal
heartily welcome you to my channel Health Clock.
Today in this video we are going to talk
about ICICI Lord's Max Protect Plan. Yes, a
health insurance plan which will provide you with
many benefits. In this
video, we will
understand the complete information. The information will include
what are the benefits, who can
take this plan, what are its features
and where is the capping. That is,
you will get complete information in this video.
Along with this, you will also understand what
premium will be charged in it. So please stay tuned
to the video till the end. If you are new to this channel, then do
not forget to subscribe to this channel. So let's go to your computer
screen and understand what is
ICICI Lord's Max Protect. Now
you have come to my computer screen
where we have opened the presentation. The
first unique feature of ICICI Lord's Max Protect Health Insurance Plan is that it
provides worldwide coverage, in which there
is no payment, meaning no one  There is no capping and
you will not have to make any payment
if in these cases you go out of India
and you have to get insurance done there.
Secondly, you will get a bonus of
20% to 100% in this and
thirdly, there
is an option of higher sum insured in this and along with this, there is an
unlimited time unlimited option in this, in which
you can also get unlimited
insurance in this. If we talk about
basic retail, then the name of its plan is
ICICI Lord Max Product.
As I told you earlier, if we talk about claim ratio, then the
claim ratio is 88.5
but the income ratio, which means how many
claims came, is
91.6. Whereas if we talk about variants, there are
two variants in this, one is
classic and one is premium. If we talk about age of
entry, then the age of entry for
adults is 18 years to 65 years and for
dependent child it is 91 days to 25
years and if  If you are taking an individual policy, then it is for
six years. If we
talk about room eligibility, then there is
no room limit. You can take any type of room,
whether you want a suite or a suite. If we
talk about refill benefit, then there
is unlimited option in it, meaning
as I told you earlier that if you have
taken a plan of Rs 1 crore, if it gets
exhausted, it will be automatically refilled again. If we
talk about emergency road ambulance, then
it is covered. There is maximum hospitalization up to Rs 100. There is also
guaranteed cumulative bonus which I told you is
no claim bonus which is at Rs 20 and maximum
100% and whatever reduction happens, it will not happen at all.
If in these cases, any claim comes in future, day
treatment is covered up to the sum
and there is also domus treatment covered as per the
sum. If we talk about AYUSH
treatment, then that too has full coverage,
meaning no condition has been
put in it, there is any limit, you can also insure that up to the
sum.  You can cover modern
treatment up to some extent
maximum in this you get coverage of ₹ crore
and if we talk about pre and post
hospitalization then pre and post
hospitalization is 60 days, pre and
post are 180 days but will be related to same illness,
whereas if we talk about individual e
consultation then e consultation is unlimited
times, meaning if we understand that you can use
this e consultation as many times as you want, there is
no limit given to it,
bariatric surgery will also be
covered up to some extent and OPD
is not covered in this, meaning OPD is covered, meaning if
you want to go for consultation physically then that
is not covered in this, deducted
option is also not there in this, whereas
if payment to zonal is talked about then
payment to zonal means that in case
you are in Delhi or rural area or
in main city then there will be difference in your premium,
if you are
in Delhi then Delhi's premium will be different and
if you  If you are living in any outer area of ​​Delhi,
that is, in Uttar Pradesh
or in any village, then
your premium there will be different. The waiting
period, which is the most important part
of any policy, is that. If we talk about the initial
waiting period, then the initial waiting
period is when you take a fresh policy, then in
that case it is 30 days, but
yes, your accident will be covered from the first day. If there is
any specific disease, then the
exclusion for that is two years. If you have to undergo any
biopsy surgery, then there is a
waiting period of three years. If there is any pre-assisting
condition, that means you have any pre-existing disease,
you will have to declare it. If you ever
take health insurance, then its waiting
period will be 4 years.
Talking about the variants, one variant is
home care treatment, there is a
premium in it. If you are taking home care treatment, then it will
not be covered in classic, it will be
covered under the premium, the
premium is an option, it will be covered under the premium
and will be covered ₹1 lakh world
wide coverage which is classic and premium  It will be
covered under both and the cover will be up to a
maximum of ₹ crore.
If we talk about claim protector, then
claim protector is also covered
under both the options and if we talk about
preventive health checkup, then it
is not covered under Classic but it
is covered under premium which will be maximum 100 per year.
If we talk about emergency air ambulance, then it is
not covered under Classic but it will be
covered up to a sum insured under premium.
Now if we talk about room
category change, then this option is
not available in it, that means when you are taking the policy, then
if you want to
downgrade your room limit to a
single private room so
that your premium gets reduced, then
that option is available in Classic but
this option is not available under premium. So by
coming here the presentation is
complete, but now let us understand
this plan with an example by
going to the ICICI Lord website. So
now we will come  We have gone to the IC Lombard website
where we have opened Max Protect.
We have taken two adults
whose date of birth, for
example, 17:10:19:97 and for the other, we take
01:
9. Now here we have to enter the email ID and mobile
number. We enter the office number
and email ID here
because that is a verification for the
company. Now I have entered the daily pin
code and the name Manoj Jaiswal.
Now let's quote it and you will understand
what premium we will have to pay.
All the conditions are checked here and
here it is running a little slow on the
website. Now as soon as we move ahead,
we are moving ahead on the IC Lombard website
and here you will see the
premium. The premium has come here, the premium is coming
2666. Now what is it, it
is cashless anywhere. Cashless any hospital is written
clearly. If we move further, it is
inpatient treatment, that means whatever I
told you there, everything is covered in it.
Now  See what is written as sum insured,
premium, here is the option, sum insured
is written crore 2 crore 3 crore 5 crore
10 crore Auran Limited and if you
go to classic then here
is the option of classic, in classic you have the condition sum
inshot, it is same in both but in classic the
premium is coming 19107 and in
premium it is coming
2666, if I make this unlimited
then unlimited it is coming 3456, that means
unlimited for two adults,
we have put covered inside it, further inside this the
pin code of the hospital, if you want to go and see
which all are covered, there is room rent, day care
procedure, you will
get the details of everything here, which we have
told you as it is, if you understood everything then
you will come here and continue, but yes keep
one thing in mind, whatever premium is
shown to you here, inside this you will
see plus GST, so here
GST will be extra, so here you  In
this way, you can see here
what your premium is and
what will be the premium according to your family,
so here in this way you
can buy your policy for yourself and after
coming here our presentation is complete,
so this is the complete mission of ICICI Lombard
's Max Protect Health Insurance
Plan, so how did you like this plan, if you liked it then
what was the best feature for you,
please come and comment in the comment box,
if you think that there is a
better plan than this, please come and comment in the comment box,
if you want us to
make a video on any other health insurance company or any other plan, please
definitely use the comment box because I or
my team definitely read your comments and
action is definitely taken on that, if you liked the rest of the
video then like the video and
share it with as many people as possible so
that they can also get information about this plan,
if you have not subscribed yet
then please
subscribe to the channel by pressing the red button given below, finally, thank
you very much for watching this video completely
[Music]
Thank you